YESTERDAY, A NEW INTERVIEW
DROPPED WITH HOUSE SPEAKER NANCY
PELOSI, SEEN HERE DARING THE
PRESIDENT TO PLACE HIS NUTS ON
THE STUMP.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
IT'S A GOOD ONE.
THAT'S A--
♪ ♪ ♪
SHE SAID IN THE INTERVIEW:
WHEN IT COMES TO THE PRESIDENT,
"I'M NOT FOR IMPEACHMENT...  I
DON'T THINK WE
SHOULD GO DOWN THAT PATH,
BECAUSE IT DIVIDES THE COUNTRY.
AND HE'S JUST NOT WORTH IT."
OKAY, THAT'S CLEARLY REVERSE
PSYCHOLOGY.
(AS TRUMP)
"NUH-UH, I AM WORTH IT, NANCY.
FOR THE GOOD OF OUR NATION, YOU
MUST IMPEACH ME NOW!"
(  LAUGHTER  )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
"NOT WORTH IT."
THAT'S A LITTLE-- THAT'S A
LITTLE... WHOOP-WHOOP.
SHE'S USING A LITTLE RHETORICAL
TECHNIQUE WE CALL "DUCK SEASON,
WABBIT SEASON."
PELOSI'S DAUGHTER, ALEXANDRA,
HAS SAID THAT THE SPEAKER IS THE
ONLY ONE IN WASHINGTON WHO KNOWS
WHAT THEY'RE DOING, SO WE CAN
ALL SLEEP AT NIGHT.
WELL, THAT LEAD A REPORTER TO
ASK, "HOW WELL DO YOU SLEEP AT
NIGHT?"
PELOSI ANSWERED,
"IT DEPENDS ON HOW MUCH
CHOCOLATE I HAVE EATEN DURING
THE DAY."
"TODAY, I GAVE UP CHOCOLATE FOR
LUNCH-- I MEAN FOR LENT.
IT REALLY WAS MORE FOR LUNCH,
BECAUSE I'M OFF IT ALREADY.
I HAD A DOUGHNUT FOR BREAKFAST.
THEN, ONCE I HAD THE DOUGHNUT, I
THOUGHT I MIGHT AS WELL HAVE THE
CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM FOR LUNCH.
THEN MY COLLEAGUE CAME FROM GUAM
AND BROUGHT CHOCOLATE CHIP
COOKIES.
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO?"
(  LAUGHTER  )
( APPLAUSE )
JUST A REMINDER--
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
SURE, SURE.
GO AHEAD.
SURE, CLAP AWAY.
JUST A REMINDER: THE QUESTION
WAS, "HOW WELL DO YOU SLEEP AT
NIGHT?"
(  LAUGHTER  )
I'M GUESSING NOT THAT WELL,
SINCE SHE CAN'T MAKE IT THROUGH
A WORKDAY WITHOUT SNORTING A
LINE OF COCOA.
THE BROWN DRAGON.
( LAUGHTER )
WAS IT JUST YESTERDAY?
YESTERDAY, DONALD TRUMP UNVEILED
HIS NEW BUDGET, WHICH WOULD CUT
$818 BILLION FROM MEDICARE OVER
TEN YEARS.
SO SENIORS--
>> Audience: BOO!
>> Stephen: I KNOW.
YOU MIGHT WANT TO GET TEN YEARS'
WORTH OF COLONOSCOPIES NOW.
OR JUST GET ONE AND TELL THEM TO
LEAVE THE CAMERA HANGING UP
THERE WITH THE CORD HANGING OUT
AND PLUG IT INTO THE XBOX, AND
SHOOT THOSE POLYPS.
DESPITE-- HE'S TO GO THIS
DESPITE AT HIS RALLIES HE SAYS,
"WE WILL PROTECT MEDICARE.
WE WILL PROTECT MEDICARE.
>> Stephen: YES, WE WILL
PROTECT MEDICARE FROM THOSE
GREEDY OLD PEOPLE.
STAY BEHIND ME, MEDICARE.
I'LL FIGHT THEM OFF.
IT SHOULDN'T BE HARD.
THEY'VE GOT BONES LIKE BRED
STICKS.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
THAT'S HOW HE WOULD PUNCH,
RIGHT?
OF COURSE, THIS SETS UP AN EPIC
BATTLE OVER HEALTHCARE IN THE
2020 ELECTIONS.
YESTERDAY, TRUMP SAT DOWN WITH
"BREITBART," AND EXPLAINED WHY
THE DEMOCRATS' HEALTHCARE PLAN
IS POPULAR WITH VOTERS:
>> THEY THINK, FREE HEALTHCARE.
ISN'T THAT WONDERFUL?
BUT THE TRUTH IS WHEN YOU'RE UP
ON THE DEBATE STAGE, AND THEY
SAY, "WE'RE GIVING YOU FREE
EDUCATION.
WE'RE GIVING YOU FREE
HEALTHCARE.
WE'RE GIVING YOU EVERYTHING YOU
WANT, AND A ROLLS-ROYCE IN
EVERYONE'S POCKET," IT'S NOT AN
EASY SITUATION.
>> Stephen: YES, EDUCATION,
HEALTHCARE, ROLLS ROYCE-- ALL
LUXURIES.
WHAT DO YOU WANT NEXT,
BIG GOVERNMENT PAYING FOR
DIAMOND-ENCRUSTED CATHETERS?
THAT'S WHAT YOU POORS WANT.
TRUMP CONTINUED:
>> YOU TALK ABOUT SINGLE PAYER.
IT SOUNDS VERY SEDUCTIVE--
SINGLE PAYER.
SAY WHAT YOU WANT, BUT IT'S A
VERY SEDUCTIVE THING.
>> Stephen: HE'S RIGHT.
HE'S RIGHT, JON.
IT'S VERY SEDUCTIVE.
"HEY, BAEK, YOU WANT TO PLAY
DOCTOR?
I HOPE SO.
BECAUSE I'M VERY SICK."
(  LAUGHTER  )
BUT, TRUMP EXPLAINED, IT'S
TOO EXPENSIVE TO KEEP POOR
PEOPLE ALIVE.
>> NOT ONLY IS THE COUNTRY NOT
GOING TO BE ABLE TO AFFORD IT,
BUT IT'S MORE THAN THE ENTIRE
REVENUE STREAM TAKEN IN FOR THE
ENTIRE-- IT'S, LIKE, NOT EVEN
CLOSE, RIGHT?"
(  LAUGHTER  ).
>> Stephen: NOW-- QUOTE,
UNQUOTE.
THAT MIGHT SOUND LIKE THE INSANE
RAMBLINGS OF A SYPHILITIC BRAIN,
BUT LET ME BREAK IT DOWN FOR
YOU.
LET ME BREAK IT DOWN FOR YOU.
LET ME BREAK IT DOWN FOR YOU,
PUT IT IN LAY MAN'S TERMS.
HERE'S HOW MUCH IT WOULD COST TO
HAVE MEDICARE FOR ALL.
AND HERE'S THE REVENUE STREAM
FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF ENTIRE.
AS YOU CAN SEE, MEDICARE IS
MORE BY A DIFFERENCE OF "LIKE
NOT EVEN CLOSE, RIGHT?"
SO TRUMP UNDERSTANDS WHY PEOPLE
WANT MEDICAL CARE, BUT WARNS,
"WHAT HAPPENS IS TEN YEARS
LATER, THE COUNTRY IS GONE.
OKAY, WHETHER IT'S THIS COUNTRY
OR ANY OTHER COUNTRY."
(  LAUGHTER  )
YES, YOU HAVE SOCIALIZED
MEDICINE, AND TEN YEARS LATER--
IT'S GONE.
YOU WILL BE MISSED, EVERY OTHER
INDUSTRIALIZED COUNTRY.
TRUMP ALSO WEIGHED IN ON THE
ETHIOPIAN AIRLINES CRASH IN
WHICH 157 PEOPLE DIED.
NOW, NATURALLY, OUR HEARTS GO
OUT TO ALL THE FAMILIES, WHOSE
GRIEF CAN NOT BE IMAGINED.
SO FAR, THE PRESIDENT HAS NOT
SAID NOTHING ABOUT THEM.
INSTEAD, HE RAILED AGAINST THE
BOEING 737 MAX 8 TWEETING,
"AIRPLANES ARE BECOMING FAR TOO
COMPLEX TO FLY.
PILOTS ARE NO LONGER NEEDED BUT,
RATHER, COMPUTER SCIENTISTS
FROM M.I.T.
I SEE IT ALL THE TIME IN MANY
PRODUCTS.
ALWAYS SEEKING TO GO ONE
UNNECESSARY STEP FURTHER, WHEN
OFTEN OLD AND SIMPLER IS FAR
BETTER."
HE SHOULD KNOW.
WE'VE NEVER HAD A PRESIDENT
OLDER OR SIMPLER.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
A LONG WALK BUT A BEAUTIFUL
VIEW.
WORTH THE LOOK.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
(AS TRUMP)
"AIRCRAFT IS TOO COMPLEX.
THAT'S WHY WE'RE DEVELOPING THE
B-52 BLIMP BOMBER AND THE
STEALTH BIPLANE.
OR MAYBE JUST A WOODEN DOGHOUSE.
THEY'RE SO SIMPLE, I SAW IN THE
NEWSPAPER A BEAGLE IS FLYING
THEM."
(  LAUGHTER  )
HE-- HE WENT ON, "SPLIT-SECOND
DECISIONS ARE-- DOT, DOT, DOT,
DOT, DOT, DOT, DOT, DOT--
NEEDED, AND THE COMPLEXITY
CREATES DANGER.
ALL OF THIS FOR GREAT COST, YET
VERY LITTLE GAIN.
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT YOU, BUT I
DON'T WANT ALBERT EINSTEIN TO BE
MY PILOT."
YES, GOOD POINT, THAT'S WHAT
AMERICANS WANT:  DUMBER PILOTS.
"THIS IS YOUR PILOT SPEAKING:
DUUUUUUH.
I'M TRYING MY BEST UP HERE,
FOLKS, BUT I JUST CAN'T GET
THESE WINGS TO FLAP.
EVERYBODY JUMP UP AND DOWN ON
THREE."
WE'VE GOT A GREAT SHOW FOR YOU
TONIGHT